quick fixes rbf mentions (#1581)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/using-wasabi/ChangeCoins.md

### Make it difficult to deduce the change

There are [common heuristics identifying change outputs](/why-wasabi/Coins.md#heuristics-identifying-change), try to avoid these with every transaction.

> Don't reuse addresses, don't send precise amounts but randomize them, don't use replace by fee (if not necessary), and try to send to bech32 or bech32m addresses.

Reviewer: How about this?

```suggestion
Don't reuse addresses, don't send precise amounts but randomize them, use replace by fee (RBF) only if necessary, and try to send to bech32 or bech32m addresses.
```
